Restructure NEST 3.0 guides (#1929)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/userdoc/guides/nest2_to_nest3/refguide_nest2_nest3.rst

| nest.ResetNetwork()     | Use nest.ResetKernel() instead             |
+-------------------------+--------------------------------------------+

   .. note::

>      The structural_plasticity_update_interval now has the unit `ms` instead of `number of simulation steps`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The structural_plasticity_update_interval is now reported as time in ms instead of as the number of simulation steps.
```
